README.md, before:

# Roles Management Application

This is a single-page application built with Angular for managing user roles and permissions. It provides a clean, responsive, and intuitive interface for administrators to perform CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on roles and view associated users.

The project is built using modern Angular features, including Signals, and leverages the powerful [PrimeNG](https://primeng.org/) component library for a rich user experience.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Role Management**: Easily create, read, update, and delete roles.
- **Interactive Data Table**: A feature-rich table displays all roles with:
  - Pagination
  - Sorting
  - Global text search
- **View Role Users**: Click a button to see a list of all users assigned to a specific role in a dialog.
- **Modern UI/UX**: A responsive and clean interface built with PrimeNG components like tables, dialogs, and toolbars.
- **State Management**: Uses Angular Signals for efficient and reactive state management.
- **Internationalization**: Text and labels are managed with `ngx-translate` for easy localization.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Angular
- **UI Components**: PrimeNG
- **Icons**: PrimeIcons
- **Internationalization**: ngx-translate
- **Styling**: PrimeFlex CSS utility library

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18.x or later)
- Angular CLI

### Installation

1.  Clone the repo:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Seif-Mustafa/Roles-Management-Angular.git
    ```
2.  Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd Roles-Management-Angular
    ```
3.  Install NPM packages:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
4.  Run the development server:
    ```sh
    ng serve
    ```
5.  Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.

Commit message:

Adding the documentation and the APIs collection to the read me file.

README.md, after:

# Roles Management Application

This is a dynamic single-page application built with Angular for managing user roles and permissions. It provides a clean, responsive, and intuitive interface for administrators to perform CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on roles and view associated users.

The project is built using modern Angular features, including Signals, and leverages the powerful [PrimeNG](https://primeng.org/) component library for a rich user experience.

## ✨ Features

- **Role Management**: Easily create, read, update, and delete roles.
- **Interactive Data Table**: A feature-rich table displays all roles with:
  - Pagination
  - Sorting
  - Global text search
- **View Role Users**: Click a button to see a list of all users assigned to a specific role in a dialog.
- **Drag & Drop**: Intuitive drag-and-drop functionality for reordering roles or managing assignments.
- **Modern UI/UX**: A clean and modern interface built with PrimeNG components like tables, dialogs, and toolbars.
- **State Management**: Uses Angular Signals for efficient and reactive state management.
- **Responsive Design**: The UI is fully responsive and works seamlessly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices, thanks to PrimeFlex.
- **Internationalization**: Text and labels are managed with `ngx-translate` for easy localization.
- **API Integration**: RESTful API integration for seamless data management.
- **Postman Collection**: Comprehensive API testing collection available for developers.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Angular
- **UI Components**: PrimeNG
- **Icons**: PrimeIcons
- **Internationalization**: ngx-translate
- **Styling**: PrimeFlex CSS Utility Library

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18.x or later)
- Angular CLI

### Installation

1.  Clone the repo:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Seif-Mustafa/Roles-Management-Angular.git
    ```
2.  Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd Roles-Management-Angular
    ```
3.  Install NPM packages:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
4.  Run the development server:
    ```sh
    ng serve
    ```
5.  Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.

## 📚 API Documentation

For detailed information about the backend API endpoints used in this application, please refer to our comprehensive API documentation.

**API Documentation**: [Roles Management API Docs](src/assets/postman/API%20Documentation.md)

## 📦 Postman Collection

You can easily test all API endpoints using our Postman collection. Download the collection and import it into your Postman application to get started with API testing.

**Postman Collection**: [Postman Collection](src/assets/postman/Roles%20Management%20Java%20Spring.postman_collection.json)

## 📧 Contact

Seif Mustafa - [@seif_mustafa](https://seif-mustafa.github.io/portfolio/) - seifeldeenmostafa000@gmail.com
